As promised, we're going to be looking at the return data, the return data being the data that is
being returned by the API.
So if we look over here right in the mock folder and we look just at the data that is being returned,
we can see here that everything is underscored.
So, for instance, we have viewport, location, geometry, northeast lot land.
That all looks OK.
But as we go down, when it's a multiple word thing like opening hours, it's underscored.
Open now is underscored.
Placide is underscored, HTML attributes, photo references, all of this stuff that is multi word user
rating total.
It's all underscored.
And so this is not something that we usually want to use in JavaScript because we don't want to do something
like, well, you know, result dot and then user underscore rating underscore total.
We like Camil case more.
So one thing that we prefer is, for instance, something like this user rating total.
Now, I hear you thinking, Mo, how are we supposed to adapt what comes back from here?
To match that case for the underscore words.
Well, that's a good question, and for that, what we need to do is we need to use a NPM package.
And it's called Camels and Camels is a package that recursively transforms keys to be camel case.
So camels, for instance, if you took this object fee, FIFO and poop and you camels, it it's going
to return you fee FIFO and bee poop.
So it takes all of the underscored words and all of the words and all of the words that are broken up
by slashes and dots and it caramelizes them for us.
So how do we do this?
Well, the first thing we need to do is we need to go to our terminal.
And we need to do.
Something called.
We need to create a new terminal.
And we need to say yarn and canalis, and so that's going to allow us to use this package.
Right.
And the way that we use it is we import camels.
From Canalis.
And then we can just wrap our result in it, so if we wrap our result in it, what we're going to see
here, if we go to our terminal and we go to node, what we'll see is will actually be adapting the
information to be.
So if we can't hold that log, our result here, we seem to be getting an error in the render method
of this, but.
If we quickly open our.
And reload, what we're going to see here is our returned information, right?
This is after we ran camels, and what we can see is opening hours is now camel keest open now is now
camel KAIST and all of this information is now camel user rating total.
If we compare that to what we were seeing in our mock data.
Right.
In, for instance, anthropologists, if we look at that and compare it.
User rating total is not supposed to be like this.
So if we go look, you know, we have price level plus code.
Open now opening hours, so all of that stuff is being translated, right, user reading total is normally
like underscored and now we see that it is Camil Keast.
So this is an optimization that allows us to create consistency for the information coming in, because
you never know how your API is returning new data on the back end.
They may have different principles.
They may use underscores.
They may use dots.
You don't really know how they're going to return you the information, but you want to create consistency
for your application.
You don't want to be going through your application, doing results, dot and then one epis returning
you something with underscores user total reading and another API is returning you like result to that
user total with an uppercase you and another APIs returning, you want everything to be the same.
So that's why we use canalis.
And a way that we implement this is we usually have something called a restaurant's trance form function
and that's going to take the result and it's going to do things to the results.
So what it'll do to the result in this case is it will return canalis of results.
And the way that we do that is usually we take this right and we do a dot then and we say restaurant
transform.
And then we can do that then and we can say transformed.
And we can say console log.
Of the transformed response, and then we'll have the transformed response properly transformed for
us in the terminal.
And so that allows us to kind of create this chain of events that is happening, so when we do our restaurant
requests, when it comes back, hey, transform it, caramelize it.
And then once we have that, we have our transformed response and we can start working with that transformed
response in case we want it to change any properties or do anything special to it.
But if we wanted to do anything special to the results, usually what we would do is we would catalyze
it ahead of time and then we would kind of transform it that way ahead.
So we would do something like, OK, const.
New result, right, is equal to families results and then we would say return new results and we would
potentially like say, OK, well, new results dot some extra property is equal to new.
Right.
We could add properties, we could remove properties.
We could do all types of things here in this transform function to make sure that the response that
we're getting back is going to be what we require.
So in the next video, we'll look at what additional properties we need.